Notes:
- Set up a Teams call for next time; Slack was problematic
- Adam suggested meeting once a month
	Kristen suggested a meeting around the 8th Dec to talk about the brief
	Adam and Kristen suggested meeting before the 7th Dec before the deadline
	Mirza suggested at least every two weeks
	Andi recommended every two weeks as well

- 9am on Wednesday to discuss the brief
	Kristen will send a Teams meeting around

> 3D Game
- Can divide game up (environment, lighting, etc.)
Mirza votes for a 2D game due to fitting more content and story

> Adam suggested using Synty Studio's 3D assets


Andi - Happy with the game as long as we can deliver it
Mirza - Doesn't think it's a bad idea

Adam; top-down zombie game, solve a 10-min puzzle to get a zombie game
	2.5d platformer

Kristen; Portal-like game. 3D env, a few rooms - walking with a portal gun
	Solving puzzles (shooting switch, placing/moving block)
	AI companion to help puzzles
	Concise, contrived, feasible
	
	Super complicated game may be too challenging to build the story (lighting, story, engagement)
	Easy to work with animations (doors etc.)
	Procedural dungeon generation (2D, 3D generation). Kristen has a book for that

Mirza; Rogue-like / rogue-lite games like "Hades"
	Not a typical rogue-like
	Four people trapped inside a death loop (solo)
		Text-based combat?
		Turn based battle system
	Movement; move all four players in one block?
		Tile-based movement
		Based on directional movement
	If you die, you revive from the start again
	Dungeon setting, have to traverse the dungeon
	Every time you die, your stats and classes are randomised
		Fixed class? Main classes is fixed, one tank, one DPS, one support, one flex (fixed)
		Sub-classes are randomised - each playthrough is different
		Stats are slightly randomised as well (luck, etc)
	Dungeons are not randomised; these are fixed
	Stuck in a death-loop, the dungeon doesn't randomise
	Small dialogue options (dialogue system)
	Puzzles?
	> Classes
		- Mage: Frost mage first time, necromancer next time

Randomiser
	Mad scientist - slightly red glow, red glowing items may be good for you?
	Necromancer - greenish things will be good for you

Kristen is happy to go with the assets that Adam has (Synty Studios, animations, etc.)
	Adam to set up a minimum 3D game project
	Upload the assets into the project

Kristen to set up a Teams call for Wednesday 10th
	